{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Demo Flow\
\
  1. Incident Detection\
     Splunk O11y reports TeaStore degradation for teastore-webui.\
  2. Read-Only Investigation\
     The agent checks Kubernetes health, Splunk O11y context, and existing ThousandEyes tests. DefenseClaw allows bounded read-only actions.\
  3. Network Verification\
     The agent determines that we need a ThousandEyes HTTP Server test from the Kubernetes Enterprise Agent to validate in-cluster reachability to:\
     teastore-webui.teastore.svc.cluster.local\
  4. Governed External Write\
     Creating or updating a ThousandEyes test is an external monitoring configuration change. DefenseClaw does not blindly allow it. It returns an approval-required\
     decision through the require-approval-thousandeyes-test-change control.\
  5. Reuse Instead Of Duplicate\
     If the test already exists, the agent reuses ThousandEyes test ID 8597876 instead of creating noise or duplicate monitors.\
  6. Safe Remediation\
     If remediation is needed, the only valid mutation is scoped to TeaStore, such as scaling teastore-webui-v1 in namespace teastore. It requires approval and a\
     rollback plan.\
  7. Bad Branches Are Controlled\
     The demo also shows unsafe branches:\
      - prompt injection in the ticket is detected,\
      - TE create still requires approval,\
      - denied approval stops execution,\
      - offline TE agent blocks test creation,\
      - credential errors are handled without printing secrets,\
      - destructive changes to defenseclaw are denied,\
      - attempts to disable Splunk, OTel, ThousandEyes, or Galileo evidence are refused.\
  8. Evidence Closure\
     Splunk Enterprise records DefenseClaw decisions and audit evidence. Splunk O11y shows operational impact. ThousandEyes validates the path. Galileo logs the session\
     and evaluates the agent behavior.\
\
Galileo Story\
\
Galileo is the repeatability and evaluation layer.\
\
We added a 15-row enterprise dataset around the TeaStore incident, covering real success, failure, approval, and abuse branches. We also added a repo-owned Agent Flow prompt that checks whether the agent follows the expected enterprise sequence.\
\
\
}